[PXCT-1985] Update Media Carrier information (#2961)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/02.uno/carriers/uno-media-carrier/features.md

<FeatureList>

  <Feature title="Dual MIPI-CSI Camera Connectors" image="camera">

>     The UNO Media Carrier provides two 22-pin MIPI-CSI connectors compatible with IMX219 cameras (e.g. Raspberry Pi Camera v2), enabling dual-camera computer vision applications such as stereo depth mapping, multi-angle capture, and object tracking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The UNO Media Carrier provides two 22-pin MIPI-CSI connectors compatible with IMX219 cameras (e.g. Raspberry Pi Camera Module 2), enabling dual-camera computer vision applications such as stereo depth mapping, multi-angle capture, and object tracking.
```
